You are really like a grudge
If you want to question my identity
Just show some real evidence
If you can't get it out
Shut your mouth
Of course I have proof
Here's the proof.
This guy was saying he was allergic to pollen.
Western medicine is required.
But we took this bottle of medicine for testing
Clearly fake
Exactly.
This is not an allergy medicine at all
It's obviously just a few flour dumplings
Is he fake?
Ok you Song Changqing
How dare you steal from me?
So shameless
Hahaha I steal
That's better than you stealing the identity of Miss Lin Mansion
Do you have anything else to say?
So what if it's fake?
This lady was indeed allergic to pollen before
But what does it prove now?
you
Are you shameless?
I thought if you could be ashamed
Take the initiative to admit it
Now compensable
To deal with shameless impostors like you
You don't have to.
That being the case
Then I won't throw you a way to live